[0.31s -> 35.11s]  Hey, what is going on everybody? Jerma here with the Q&A answers video and before I get really into this at all, I want to tell you what's going on in the gameplay. This is the binding of Isaac and in my last binding of Isaac video, I kind of just stopped. I got to maybe one or two rooms ahead of where you saw last time and then I died. So I figured why not just try and beat the game in one sitting and then use it as the
[35.11s -> 66.26s]  Q&A background. So that's what I did. I beat the game. I don't beat the entire game though. Those of you Isaac veterans will know what I'm talking about here. But for those of you that have no idea, I don't really want to give away any of the game's secrets or any of its endings or anything like that. So you can understand that. So that'll be in the background here. We got about 25 minutes to answer some of these questions. So let's get started right now. Thank you so much everybody for your questions. Here we go. So kicking it off my stream.
[66.26s -> 97.00s]  asks, Hey, German on eight five, if you weren't gaming, what would you have spent all your time doing? And you ever regret the amount of time you spend gaming as it is very time consuming? Very, very good question. And the answer to that is yes, I probably would be doing workouts. Those of you that know, I'm a very big workout person. And the last couple of months, I haven't really been in the gym a whole lot as I should be. So if I wasn't playing as many games and doing all these videos, I would definitely be spending
[97.00s -> 128.28s]  a hell of a lot more time in the gym. Because I've been getting a little sloppy lately, my arms, my back, my my abs, I'm a little, I'm a little on the spaghetti side right now. And I got to change that. So that that's gonna be something I got to put in a schedule and get into that again. So next is from Ryan Brady nine. And he asks, I've been asking this question for freaking ages. Now, German, what is your background and ancestry? Well, I am 50% Irish, 25% Scottish and 25% Polish.
[128.28s -> 148.89s]  But really, though, if I mean, if you take a look at me and my father, and I mean, I look just like my father. So I got it all from him. There's a little bit of my mother creeping in at least in my facial features. But I get all my I mean, I smell Irish, I look Irish, I talk Irish. Well, no, I don't. But you know, you get the idea. I look like I'm Irish.
[148.89s -> 150.40s]  So Jay Lep 722 asks, mashed potatoes or sweet potatoes? And oh my god, get those sweet potatoes out of here. I reason why I wanted to answer this question is because I really don't like sweet potatoes, like at all. I saw that question. And I was like, God, I gotta answer this one. So let me let me back up sweet potatoes. I had them when I was a really little kid. And the reason why I don't like them is because somebody put them in front of me mashed. And they told me that they were mashed potatoes.
[180.20s -> 211.42s]  They go, these are just these are just mashed potatoes. Eat them. And I took a bite. And they didn't taste like mashed potatoes. They tasted like squash, which is something I also really don't like. So if you ever want German to get sick and puke, give him a plate of sweet potatoes and squash. He'll puke guaranteed. Next up is from Gundam designer. And they asked German Do you watch any anime or do you enjoy watching anime? And if you do, what are your top 20 series? And before I answer this question, I
[211.42s -> 242.33s]  got to tell you, Gundam designer, I, I don't have a top 20. I don't even have a top 10 or a top five. So I'll tell you, I will answer that question, though. I enjoy anime, I do. But I don't I don't really watch a whole lot of it. I can't say I'm like a big anime fan. But if it's on TV, or if I catch an episode, I'll watch it. I'm not going to be like this is anime, this is dumb. And the only series I really watched from start to finish was Fullmetal Alchemist. I watched all 52 episodes, I think. And I saw the damn movie.
[242.33s -> 273.45s]  And I thought that was a great series. And if you thought that series was stupid, if you thought if you think there's, there's much better series out there, then I mean, you may or may not be right. I just don't really know a whole lot about the scene to really give an opinion like that. Like, oh, this is the best or this is the worst. But yeah, that's that's kind of how I feel on anime. So the next one, I thought this was really a funny question. So I wanted to put it in here. So the next one is from boarddude73. And he says, How do you do a Boston accent? I love the accent. I wish Virginia had a better accent when I was growing up.
[273.45s -> 301.49s]  Well, here we go. This is how you do a Boston accent. I'm going to teach you German teachers Boston accent, dude. So essentially, what you're going to do is anytime there's an R in a word, so let's say the word is father or sister or car, you're going to turn that R into an AH. So instead of car, it's going to be car. Instead of father, it's going to be father. Instead of sister, sister. So anytime there's an R at the end of a word, just drop the R and say a instead.
[301.49s -> 303.20s]  I like this next one a lot. So this is a JPS Im's HM. And he or she asks, SAT or ACT scores? And this is great, because I got a I got a 1000 on my SATs. I didn't really do that. I did pretty average. I think the average is what 900 950 is the average. So I did okay. I mean, I didn't do fantastic or anything. And also, I got a question a long time ago. And I'll lump it into this question. It was What is your IQ? My IQ was 126.
[332.72s -> 364.26s]  And before anyone says, Wow, jeez, that that's pretty high. Are you are you like really smart? What did you go to like MIT? No, no, no, no, no. My my performance IQ is like 70. So I have a pretty low performance IQ and a really high general IQ. So I average out to be a really typical person. I'm not some guru of information or anything like that. So don't think that I'm some genius because I'm really not. So this next question is actually a really important one. And I appreciate the person asking it because I can tell
[364.26s -> 394.74s]  about it for a second or two here. Topic moon racer asks, Once when I played TF2, I saw this dude named Jerma join the server. I'm pretty sure he wasn't the real deal. But I wonder what servers do you visit usually? And how can we tell if it's really you? I made a PSA on a couple of my social networking sites the other day about this. And guys, if somebody is named Jerma in a game, whether it's Team Fortress two or Modern Warfare three or a battle any game, if somebody asks you for items or money, or
[394.74s -> 424.91s]  anything, it's not me. And I know it's very difficult to decide and decipher who is the real Jerma. So I will tell you right now. The real Jerma is never going to ask you for anything and will never say anything horrible. So if there's a Jerma in a chat somewhere being like swearing at everybody and telling everybody to f off and stuff like that, that is not me. And same can be said if somebody is asking for items or for money or something like that. It's not me. So that's how you'll know is this the real Jerma.
[424.91s -> 456.16s]  If he's not being a freak show. So lol what 273 asks, Jerma, what is your favorite snack and or drink while playing video games? And I guys a lot of you know this already. I love Dr. Pepper. Dr. Pepper is like the best soda ever invented. And I drink it if it's in my house, I'm going to drink it. I'm going to drink the whole damn case in less than three days. And it's funny because that's the only soda that I actually really like to drink. Besides that, though, probably a tea, a nice warm red tea or a green
[456.16s -> 489.36s]  tea. Only because tea really does help you calm down. If I'm playing in a game of Team Fortress, or I'm playing some kind of game, and it's making me get to that point where I'm going to start raging. Tea helps in so many different ways. I just take a sip of the tea, I sit back and I go, it's not worth raging. I got my tea here. So yeah, Dr. Pepper or tea. So next up is going to be Fall Shermboy. I think I'm saying your name right. If I'm not, then absolutely correct me. So he asks, Hey, Jerma, tell us your most embarrassing moment in your school
[489.36s -> 521.47s]  time. Now I'm going to take this as high school only because back in middle school, I don't I don't remember anything. So I'll take it as high school. So I don't have any embarrassing moments to really talk about. The one thing though, I can actually talk about that does come to mind is braces. Now a lot of you guys probably have braces or you're going to get braces or you recently got them off. I got braces really late. I got braces when I was 17 years old. So as you can imagine getting braces that late, I had
[521.47s -> 552.67s]  a lot of people come up to me and say, Really? Braces now? 17, 18 years old? That's pretty late. And I mean, nobody was really a jerk about it. I had a lot of friends in high school. But, you know, senior pictures, senior prom, all that stuff was kind of ruined. And not ruined in the sense where I say, Oh, woe is me. I have braces. I don't want to take a picture of me ever again. Get the cameras out of here. Not like that. But more in the sense of my senior pictures, my mouth is closed. And senior prom,
[552.67s -> 583.74s]  I didn't even go. So those two things, pretty important things in your life, I kind of skipped out on. So next up is going to be Tweekoo. And he asks, Did you fix your sleep schedule yet? And then a heart. So yes, I have fixed my sleep schedule. I haven't fixed it really totally completely. But I fixed it enough where I'm able to go to sleep at a somewhat human being time and wake up at a somewhat human being time. So yes, I have fixed my sleep schedule.
[583.74s -> 615.06s]  TV rudder asks, Hey, Jerma, have you ever been over here to the UK? And no, the answer is no. I've never been to the UK. I've actually never traveled outside of the continental US or the continental North America. I've been to Canada, but I've never gone outside of Canada or the continental US. So I've never been to Hawaii. I've never been to Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is not really a state, but it's still a part of the United States sort of I guess you could say it is. But yeah, I've never gone anywhere else. I want to though. If I could make a
[615.06s -> 645.54s]  resolution, I guess you could say I want to travel to at least I want to go to London. I want to see London. I want to see Tokyo. So those are like the two places like London and Tokyo are the number one and number two places that I want to travel in the somewhat foreseeable future. I'm not talking like tomorrow. I'm not talking like you know, a year from now. But Tokyo, I hear Tokyo is a pretty ridiculous place for gaming. Oh my it's like the gaming capital of the world. People tell me they say they say Tokyo.
[645.54s -> 676.29s]  It's kind of like Times Square times 1000. So that's definitely something I want to check out at some point in my life. This next question was asked by a lot of people. And I've actually got this a lot of times. So I'm going to show it to you right now. The question is, can we see your Team Fortress 2 statistics? Like times played as a spy or most points as the engineer. So on the screen right now, we're going to cut away from Isaac for a second here. And there it is. This is the stats screen of my Team Fortress 2 loadout.
[676.29s -> 707.89s]  section. So there you go. I'll leave it up here for a good maybe 20 or 30 seconds. So you get a look at it. So there it is. This one is going to get me talking for a little while. So everyone get in your seats, get your popcorn because I'm about to have a rant. So the question is from xxamonicxx, Jerma, what is your favorite strategy game and series? Okay, so Warcraft 2 is probably my introduction to the whole strategy scene. I remember
[707.89s -> 738.06s]  playing on my Sony VIO, the big Sony VIO when they used to make not the laptop. They used to back in 1993 or 94 when IBM was kind of had the market kind of cornered. I remember Sony VIO came out. It was a big tower computer. And we had Warcraft 2 on it. We had 3D Movie Maker on it. But I all I cared about was Warcraft. And I remember we used to cheat me and my brother used to put in all the cheat codes. And that's the only way we could beat any of the games because obviously we were too young to understand
[738.06s -> 771.47s]  that you had to like play. You had to do strategy. You had to do tactics. You had to do unit management. And we didn't even understand what that was. But fast forward a little bit. I got Warcraft 3. I got into the whole scene. I started playing. I played Red Alert. And my god, I was addicted to that game. I would play Red Alert from 12 o'clock in the afternoon to 12 o'clock at night for an entire summer. That's how much I loved that game. Red Alert 2 not so much. Red Alert 3 came out a few years ago. I didn't really care about it. But I used to
[771.47s -> 801.97s]  like the Tesla coils in Red Alert. If you know what I'm talking about, you already know how crazy they were. But I digress. So my favorite one of all time. Oh my god. I would probably say Red Alert. Warcraft introduced me to it. But Red Alert was really my bread and butter game. And also more recently I got into the Warhammer series. Not the new one. Not Dawn of War 2. I'm talking about the original Warhammer 40,000 Dawn of War. That was kind of my college game. I played that with dorm mates.
[801.97s -> 832.58s]  We would go into a land and I would be, I was the Tau. That was my race of choice. The Tau Empire. So I loved that game. But going off on a little bit of a rant here. I have really dropped out of the RTS scene. I don't play any of those games anymore. And somebody will ask, people will ask you, they'll say, Germa, why don't you play Starcraft 2? Or get into like League of Legends or Heroes of Newerth or something. And I would. But man, the skill levels that people play with in that game right now are so high. The bar is set
[832.58s -> 850.42s]  so high in those RTS games. I would get dominated. I would get into a game, start my unit production, and yeah, I, yeah, I insta die. There's no way I could compete right now. Too late in the cycle. But we'll see though. Maybe sometime in the future I'll try to catch up a little bit.
[850.42s -> 852.34s]  So next, Acoustic Guitar for the Win wants to know, Germa, what gets you into a game? Is it the community, storyline, multiplayer? What actually draws you into a game? And that answer is last ability. I love games that allow you to continue the journey or keep playing for a long period of time. A game that's not just going to die. I'm not a big fan of buying a game. Like for instance, I'm not going to, I'm not going to doubt it. It's not a terrible game. It's not a bad game. It's just
[882.17s -> 912.89s]  an example, like L.A. Noire or really any single player centric game that doesn't have any real content that's added. It's just there for your enjoyment. It's kind of like watching a movie. You do it once and then you really don't ever do it again. I'm not a big fan of those types of games. I really need last ability. I need replay ability, which is why what you're watching right now, The Binding of Isaac. This game is only $5 and I've put more time and more fun and more energy has come out of this game than any other single player
[912.89s -> 943.13s]  game I really ever played. Because there's so much replay ability, so much last ability. You can play this game a million times and get you $5 worth. Now that's not me saying that all single player games are not worth buying or they're stupid. No, no, no, no. There's plenty of single player games where I've picked up, played through the 10 to 15 hour campaign, put it back down and said, wow, that was an amazing title. I'm so glad I bought that. I've done that a lot of times. But what actually really draws me into a title is when I hear about that it has a
[943.13s -> 974.42s]  lot of replay ability. When I read a review on it that says, oh yeah, the fourth playthrough is the most fun for me. I love last ability. So that's what draws me in. So this next question is not really a question. It's more of a statement. And I got this all the time ever since I did the face cam video. And it's when are you going to eat the raw egg? And it's going to happen. I'm going to do my next vlog or something. I'll do it. Don't worry. I have not forgotten and you guys are going to make sure I don't forget that. So I'm not concerned about forgetting
[974.42s -> 1005.42s]  about that. Don't worry. I will eat an egg soon. Don't worry. Next up, Giga Gandhi asks, Dear Jerma, what's your favorite holiday? Also, what is your favorite storyline from a game? Both of these very good questions. My favorite holiday is probably Halloween. Only because it's the only time of the year when adults like me are allowed to act like kids and dress up in costumes and be a freak show. So I love Halloween. Halloween is amazing. And what's my favorite storyline from a game? Chrono Trigger. Absolutely Chrono Trigger.
[1005.42s -> 1036.52s]  I answered this in my last Q&A, but it was a different form of a different question. So favorite storyline, Chrono Trigger, or even the whole Chrono series. Chrono Cross is really good too. So don't forget, there was two games there. Mr. Squinty409 asks, What's your favorite TV show? And I have two. There are two on this list. The one that's most prominent is probably Tim and Eric. Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job is my god. I think that's the funniest damn show on TV. And the second one is probably House, just because I love Huey.
[1036.52s -> 1067.83s]  I think Huey is one of the best actors I've ever seen on television. And if you watch an episode of House, you'll probably agree with me. So yeah, Tim and Eric and House. This next question I do get all the time. So I'm going to answer it. There's no particular person that asked it. But the question is, who is your favorite YouTuber? Who's your favorite commentator? Stuff like that. So I got a little small list of my favorite YouTubers here. The first one is probably going to be Boo. BooMan61. He does Call of Duty commentaries. His voice is just phenomenal.
[1067.83s -> 1081.31s]  He tells these amazing stories. He's just really awesome. So probably BooMan61 is the top one. And if you're going to go non-gaming YouTube channels, I'd probably say What's Next Gorillaz? Or just the Gorillaz main channel on YouTube.
[1081.31s -> 1090.31s]  Only because they always have the up-to-date information on all the new songs, all the new albums. You can listen to songs on there as well. So probably Gorillaz and BooMan61. So there you go.
[1090.31s -> 1100.45s]  Only got about two or three minutes left in this game here. So I'm going to try and get one or two more in. And this next one is from CallumMC. CallumMc48.
[1100.45s -> 1110.69s]  And his question is, what is your favorite sandwich? Mine is toasted bread with warm ham, cheese, and melted butter. That sounds pretty awesome, man. But I'll one-up you on that one.
[1110.69s -> 1119.86s]  My favorite sandwich is a buffalo chicken sub, toasted, with blue cheese and provolone cheese on it. Melted provolone cheese, by the way. It's got to be melted.
[1119.86s -> 1127.60s]  Next up, Pekka96 asks, what is the longest and shortest you've ever had your hair?
[1127.60s -> 1142.84s]  Well, in college, my hair went down to my shoulders. I had really crazy long hair, rocker hair. It went all the way down to almost the bottom of my collarbone. It was really long. Shortest, it was bald. I used to have a wiffle.
[1142.84s -> 1149.46s]  So I've gone from both ends of the spectrum, kind of. My hair has been really long and really, really short, too.
[1149.46s -> 1156.46s]  So this is going to wrap up the Q&A video, guys. Thank you all so, so, so much for your questions. I really do appreciate it.
[1156.46s -> 1164.88s]  And we'll do another one of these in another, like, 30 days. Another, like, three or four weeks. So I will see you guys all soon. Take care, everybody.
